= dynamic_fieldsets 

User defined fieldsets for dynamic questions in forms.

I recommend not using this until a 0.1 release.

= how to use

Install the gem, run the install generator.  

Download jquery-ui-1.8.15.custom.min.js and jquery-ui-nestedSortable.js and add to your project's javascripts folder to enable reordering on the fieldset children page.  There are working copies in spec/dummy/public/javascripts.

Add the mixin to your model.  There are some configuration options here.

There is a view helper you need to add to your application helper and call from the form view and the show view.

The backend is automatically added to your project using the rails engine system.  At some point, there will be a controller generator to generate them out so you can add permissions/pagination/whatever else you need on your controllers.

= Things to test

* helper
* model mixin
* field option mixin
* single answer mixin
* multiple answer mixin
* fsa model
* fieldset child model
* field model
* field submodels:
  * checkbox
  * date
  * datetime
  * instruction
  * multiple select
  * radio
  * select
  * text
  * textarea
* config?
* integration tests?
* rewrite readme

== Contributing to dynamic_fieldsets 
 
* honestly, hold off for a 0.1 release before even thinking about this
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Jeremiah Hemphill. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

